This is the README file for the Kaizo Alterna (Splatoon 3) mod. In it, you will find documentation about the mod, what it contains, a detailed changelog for each release, instructions on how to install the mod files, etc. I will assume you have no knowledge about installing mods, but that you have a modded Switch or console capable of installing this mod onto. If you want information about setting your console up to be modded, there are plenty of other resources available on the Internet for that, but this is not one of them.

# About Kaizo Alterna
Kaizo Alterna is a difficulty-forward mod created for Splatoon 3 that, well, makes things harder and more interesting. Eventually, every level in The Crater, Alterna, and Rocket will be modded with a mix of challenging platforming, stumping puzzles, and a dose of new weapons to explore and have fun with. As I build out this mod, I'll be releasing chunks (usually one site at a time) into beta versions to collect feedback from users. If official versions of the game are out, then the `main` branch will have those official versions, while the `beta` branch will have betas. All betas will be public, but b warned that they are on the more experimental side and haven't been vetted by me for official release!

## Important Notes
As of (beta v1.0.0) only versions 1.1.0, 1.1.1, and 1.1.2 are supported for Kaizo Alterna as that's what I develop in. Once the Mals files are updated for multiple versions, the mod should be good for every version up to (and excluding) Splatoon 3 version 4.1.0. 4.1.0 patches surge rolls which are required for multiple levels in the mod to be completable.

# Changelog

## 2023
* 4-Nov-2023 (beta v1.0.0) - Added four levels to replace those in The Crater: "Surge Rolls in The Crater? YIKES!", "Dash-n-Splash Station", "It's Right There Station", and "Welcome to Kaizo Alterna, n00b". Also updated O.R.C.A. text for weapons in these levels.

# Installing the Kaizo Alterna mod:
So you want to play this mod, or at least try to. First of all, thank you! I really appreciate it! If you haven't already downloaded the most recent version of the `main` branch go aead and do that. `main` is where I'm going to update every stable release of Kaizo Alterna, and any bug fixes and version enhancements will be documented there and here in the changelog. Unlike in actual factual Splatoon 3 nothing is going to change between versions to completely invalidate older ones (cough cough surge rolls cough cough), this is why I have beta versions I put out to players that are most likely better than anyone Nintendo has access to.
TBD: I may release a Homebrew app that can fetch the most recent version of the game files for you, but that is so low on my priority list right now and I have no clue how that would even work. But it sounds like a great idea.
Once you have the files downloaded, everything is going to live in `atmosphere/contents/[Splatoon 3 game ID]`. When you modded your Switch, you most likely created `atmosphere/contents` as a directory, and if you've added a Splatoon 3 mod before you have the game directory folder. If you don't, drag and drop the whole game ID folder into `atmosphere/contents` and if that folder is there already then replace its contents with the `romfs` folder inside. After that you're all set to play Kaizo Alterna.
Note: If you don't want to completely remod your Switch every time you need to change files, I recommend connecting to your Switch via FTP (I use ftpd on the Switch and Filezilla on my PC personally as I had some experience with Filezilla before starting this mod) and then moving over the contents that way.